CE session - Mar 04 2021 (#7)
worldbank/dime-python-training: I-introduction-cont-education-Dec-2020/slides/intro-to-python-CE-part1.tex

	
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Indentation can have two or four spaces depending on your Python interface. In any case, you can also press the \texttt{tab} key to create indented space

> 			\item If you ever run the script of a colleague who uses different indentation, Python will automatically know the correct one. Just make sure that indentation is consistent within the same script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			\item If you ever run the script of a colleague who uses different indentation, Python will automatically know the correct one. All that matters is that indentation is consistent within the same script
```

Reviewer: What you wrote works too, this is a suggested alternative if you like it
